you have a boyfriend no no boy oh you
don't have a boyfriend no this would be
pathetic in my wedding dress do you go
on dates kind of good somebody asked
Lady gaga out well you could I I haven't
been on any dates recently I'm working
so hard and I just finished my record
and I don't know I get really bored very
quickly with men I'm so easy on a date
what would you wear I would imagine they
might freak out if I showed up in this
wedding obviously you love clothes and
fashion but fashion sometimes doesn't
love you there have been a series of of
when you fallen off your shoes a cop
what was he told about there you go
thank you
to be reminded no there was a really
horrible picture of you at Heathrow we
didn't choose that without just you with
me that's the good one that's the good
one trust me no I had these wheely big
shoes and I was so excited and I was on
the plane saying oh I can't wait to show
off my shoes that were Japan they're
custom they're like fifty feet tall I
couldn't wait and I took three steps and
I fell so I said they're gonna
you know London's gonna think that I'm
I'm wasted mess as it is if it was
minutes were you you want a red carpet
in oh I have once had one disaster like
crazy I went to a premiere of someone a
friend's movie and I was wearing these
pair of pink suede pants it was the 90s
[Laughter]
[Applause]
i sat down watch the movie and as I sat
down the crotch ripped from there all
the way back that's very nice good
promotion we're gonna get back to my car
my ass is hanging out his pants so
luckily I brought a scarf and I wrapped
it around my bottom and the next day in
the papers they said oh it's a new trend
like a scarf around your just painted
right over it that would bind to what
[Music]